it's the big departure of the tour cibc
charles bruneau it's 100 km in total
it shows the challenge ahead
today it makes me a little pale and has
very few women in my gallery foch
pedals ok but are on bike you give
all you can swear yes a lot
the
the little hand in the back the little
pat on the shoulder in rhymes there that makes
really a difference that's it too
the record on humor is a jungle
have that feeling of helping each other
continues to be what generates all
the energy that makes the
foundation
we meet throughout the tour cibc
these young people it's upsetting and everything
keep his quote at the same time to rub shoulders with these
inspiring stories high possible
we are privileged emilie who is with
we and no one dares where so many
time you will engage as many
I commit myself to stay alive
because sonia great message there I
pass the dishes that have each time
that she takes the floor to inspire him this
friend if I put in school it's really
a small fail as children live with
the tool to see as a biscuit pedal
the latter use encourage all
it's thanks to him if I take the worst
Marxist he allows to hang on
because all of you have gone beyond the climb
still ahead
it's capital
million eight hundred and fifty thousand times
thanks cancer stays in 2014
the first cause of mental illness
in children in to continue to
work I hope we will count on
we approach
and